hey well today I'm gonna show you how to
make the a cool paper aveline okay you
fold it like this in half make sure to
make really good creases so it will fly
better and now you will do this take one
edge piece here and make it right down
to this line here and we do the same
with the other one
okay and you'll do this now take this
edge here and fold it up right to the
middle of this triangle and the other
side too
okay fold it out again and fold it like
this here right on that line we make the
phone remember to make really good
creases okay now we have it like this it
should look look like this okay now your
folded once again like that and the same
with the other side like that okay and
now you will turn it around like that
and fold it in half
and you do this fold it over once again
turn it over again I'd make sure it is
the same size each wing and now you're
almost done
okay you can do this and then fold once
like that inside the middle one time two
times and just fold it in like this now
you have
a little cool thing at the top okay
and now fold a little flap on each wing
and you're done with your cool paper at
me and I'm not not gonna test flight
this time just because it's not Riemann
of but goodbye